W-18001848 amazon s3 bucket website response improve descriptions (#2837)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: amazon-s3/7.0/modules/ROOT/pages/amazon-s3-connector-reference.adoc

[%header,cols="20s,25a,30a,15a,10a"]
|===
| Field | Type | Description | Default Value | Required
| Error Document Key a| String | Specifies the key of the error document that Amazon S3 returns when a request results in an error. |  |
| Index Document Suffix a| String | Defines the suffix that Amazon S3 adds to requests for the bucket root or any subdirectories. |  |
| Redirect All Requests To a| <<RedirectRule>> | Specifies a rule to redirect all requests. |  |

> | Routing Rules a| Array of <<RoutingRule>> | Array of rules that define redirects based on request criteria. |  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Routing Rules a| Array of <<RoutingRule>> | Defines an array of rules that specify redirects based on request criteria. |  |
```
Changing the sentence to star with a verb in present simple to match the other entries.
